# Leo Standup Notes (2021/09/01)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

Out of office. 

* Finished implementation of type aliases.
* Looked into diffs between file checksums in CI.  Standardizing on pretty-print version of serialized ASTs.

### Damir

Updates:

- tested manual triggers for tgc CI, PR submitted
- testing unknown size arrays as function inputs and in type aliases, almost done

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

Continued to work on the differences between the Leo compiler type inference and leo-acl2 type inference,
and on differences between how Leo compiler tests and tgc tests are performed.
Reported bugs and feature requests towards reaching consensus.

Adapted ast converter to handle types on non-static circuit member function calls,
and to handle type alias declarations and uses.

Sped up compilation of AST converter significantly by converting it to program mode.  (2 hrs to 6 seconds.)
The AST converter does not require the same formal guarantees as the formal model of Leo,
since the Leo compiler correctness theorem is checked on the result.  Any error in the converter
will result in theorem checking failure.  Therefore this is a safe relaxation.
I plan to put it back in logic mode when I get more time to look at the performance.

Made the v0.1.3 release of leo-acl2-bin, and used a non-merging PR to trigger the tgc workflow
to get an updated list of 50 type inference differences.  Continuing to work through these
and will file PRs as needed.

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Started working on record/transaction model.
* Made additional changes and fixes to the ACL2 type checker to align it to Leo compiler's type checker.
* Started adding type aliases to ACL2 formalization.
* Started developing CST-generating Leo lexer in ACL2, for theorem generation and checking.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Updates:

* Finished import generation
    * The fuzzer now generates a bunch of random modules/subfolders alongside `main.leo` and can import things from one module to another
    * Have a few new bug samples I need to check out
* Moving on to IR this week

Blockers:

* None

### Topics

* Review epochs
* Are we documenting everything we find in developer docs?  We need to have this as a primary responsibility for a dev.
* New team members 
