# Leo Standup Notes (2021-10-28)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Static const fields in circuits.
* Looking at field constraint generation bug.
* RFC discussions with Alessandro.
* Starting looking into IR testnet2 with Elijah.
* Refactored bits and bytes based off recursion since it was merged.

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* Const functions are now a thing (1291, 1297, 1370)
* Only @test annotations are allowed (1411)
* Working on fixing array expressions to support (_, ) syntax for unsized arrays
* Later will try to do wasm since snarkvm versions are now fixed in Leo

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Updated and clarified to bit/byte conversions with Jon (see RFC).
* Written RFC for const functions.
* Compared number of generated constraints in master and staging with Eric M.
* Added support for ACL2 parsing + abstraction of Leo, for generating parsing theorems.
* Improved testers and tests for ACL2 parser of Leo.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Updates:

* ended up being pretty busy between ZKHack, pair programming in lisbon, and flying back home
* attempted to move synthesizer over to SnarkVM so we could deprecate TestConstraintSystem
    *realized it would end up requiring an entire overhaul to SnarkVM's current tests
    *definitely a good idea but we have more important priorities rn so ive tabled it
* bounded recursion and bits & bytes are merged into staging!
* started on updating snarkVM to testnet2 with jon

Blockers:

* None

### Mazdak

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

### Ed

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

### Topics

* None
