# Leo Standup Notes (2021-10-07)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Found out include_dir macro wasn't deterministic.
  * For now, we just manually include prelude files; this is something we can fix later.
* Pair programming with Elijah to optimize recursion depth.
* Working on bits and bytes gadgets with Collin.
  * This includes both le and be functions.
  * As well as the notion of some strict versions of those functions.
  * Note that Field and Group Leo definitions will need to change depending on the curve.
  * This includes some Leo updates as well.

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* Submitted changes for --emit-ir flag for binary after IR gets in
* Refactored leo-package, optimized lots of places, removed legacy code, unified errors
* Working on parser fixes - we need to change parser a little to improve errors and contexts
* Helping Jules with testing WASM-related changes in SnarkVM to allow leo-compiler WASM compilation

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Working on minor regressions in ASTs.
* Tried tgc (theorem generation and checking) in IR branch, but it doesn't work, probably due to snarkvm release.

Blockers:

* None

Plans:

* Continue to try formal tests in IR branch.

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Updated several RFCs to clarify what was decided and implemented.
* Finished CST-generating parser for Leo in ACL2, for theorem generation and checking. The parser is verified to terminate.
* Design meeting about the transaction model.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Updates:

* optimizing bounded recursion ended up being more complicated than i expected
    * converting function evaluation over to an iterative approach
    * made a lot of progress so far, recursion started at a max of 10 and is now at 50,000. hopefully close to done
    * just need to finish implementing it within iteration instructions & add away to detect infinite loops early
* going to start on updating snarkvm to testnet2 after that

Blockers:

* None

### Mazdak:

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

### Topics

* Confirmed that Ci will randomly fail tests sometimes
