# Leo Standup Notes (2021-09-23)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Continuing work on bits/bytes epic.
  * Mostly working, need to do some refactors.
  * Also ran into a few snags but discussed some alternatives with Max.
    * Shouldn't be too much of a change from what's there currently.
  * Going to rebase this of IR branch later to avoid redoing work.
* PR and issue discussions.

Blockers:

* Only integers implement the bits le methods, and nothing implements bytes methods.
  * For now, I will throw an error if someone uses it on a type that doesn't have it.

### Damir

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Finished adding json ast file hashes to theorem files, so we will know what the theorem was about.
* Made release v0.1.4 of leo-acl2-bin that adds alias types, relaxes some type checks, and adds the ast file hashes.  
  When run in github actions workflow Leo-ACL2, now down to  
  2 canonicalization theorem checking failures and  
  21 type inference theorem checking failures.
* Made some small changes to workflow Leo-ACL2 so that if there is a canonicalization theorem checking failure
  it continues on to do type inference theorem checking, and to write out the counts of failures to the log.
* Updated AST converter to handle LengthOf expressions (not yet in leo-acl2-bin release).

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Discussed and extended/improved the [draft RFC](https://github.com/AleoHQ/leo/pull/1342) on the Leo record/transaction model.
* Continued working on ACL2 theorem generation support for Leo lexing/parsing.

Blockers:

* Need feedback on the record/transaction RFC from other Aleo teams (not just the Leo compiler team).


### Elijah

Updates:

* Finished implementing leo commands on the IR branch
  * only `leo build` was working, so i added the ability to compile test functions and updated the other commands to work with IR
* Added arrays of unknown size to IR
* Done fixing bugs, regenerated leo tests, all tests passing
* just need to regenerate snarkvm tests and rebase again

Blockers:

* None

### Topics

* None
