# Leo Standup Notes (2021/08/04)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

* Started type aliases.  Moving the import resolution from the ASG to AST.  Ran into cyclic dependencies.
* For large rewrites, I'd like to do code review calls.  Max:  Pair peer review are effective strategies for large patches.
* We should make a tag for issues/problems that need better error messages.  Should be a proposal for a better error message.  We'll pick it in the prioritization meeting.
* Errors:  Easy way to generate errors.  Uses a DSL to figure out error codes that are added.  We can have unique error codes for specific problems.  We now have unified Leo types specific for errors.
* Added back-traces.
* Rust has an error index by error code, and we're going to have something similar.  Plan is to generate docs. Elijah:  Let's look into panic hooks.  Jon:  Will check it out.  :)
*

Blockers:  None

### Damir

* Working on an example for Strings for Leo playground.  Important for the contest.  Palindrome checking for a string with 20 symbols.
* Will post an update to dev docs about `global const`.
* More work on imports, second-level dependencies; .
* Took the simplified version of the TGC (theorem generation and checking) and made it work in a CI branch in Leo.  It's good because it found a bug in canonicalization.

Blockers:  None.

### EM

* ACL2 bin moving to another github repo.  Will force-remove the bin branch to reduce Leo repository size.
* Had a meeting with Damir, planning to add checksums to the theorem files.  Add theorem generation and checking for type inference.
* Planning to reduce verbosity of the TGC output.

Blockers:  None.

### Max

* IR approved a week ago by Howard.  I rebased, but haven't been working on it due to snarkOS issues.

### Alessandro

* Written an RFC for bit/byte conversions and made PR.
* Elaborated canonicalization and import approach with Jon and Eric.
* Made a new compiler architecture diagram that includes ACL2 theorem generation and checking.
* Created Issues in leo-acl2 repo for ACL2 theorem generation and checking for all Leo compiler phases.
* Made small improvement to the ABNF grammar.
* Used above improvements to simplify formal specification of lexing and parsing.
* Continued defining the mapping from concrete to abstract syntax in ACL2.

### Topics:

* Bounty issues:  We can discuss specific github issues for bounties in the prioritization meeting on Thursdays.
* Can we merge if we have rights (i.e., one other approval/review, CI passes, tests exist for the PR, major initiatives have indicated the feature/fix is appropriate, docs are written)?  Answer:  Damn straight.
