# Leo Standup Notes (2021-10-21)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Bits/Bytes PR finishing touches. It's under review in snarkvm at the moment.
  * It implements to bits and bytes for all types.
  * Does not implement from bits and bytes for chars, fields and groups. Those will be done in a future PR.
* Pairing work with Ed on Casting.
  * ASG constants casting now inline with the IR.
  * Updated to only work for casting from ints and to ints with some type checking.
  * I.e. they return an Error if you try to cast a int that won't fit into a smaller int.
  * SnarkVM side going well, would like to wait bits/bytes to land first to make some of those changes easier.
* Investigating IR constraint changes with Elijah.
* RFC re-write for bits and bytes.
  * Discussion on going there.
* Other feature and bug discussions.
* Have a PR with:
  * .len() function changed to a new access expression and core function mapping.
  * That allows the CoreFunction annotations only in internal stdlib files.

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* fixed flying duplicates bug - no longer an issue
* working on const functions
  * global const functions done
  * rewriting circuit member parsing to allow const functions there
  * adding tests for each possible scenario
* then will work on adding it to the IR

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Looked at test discrepancies between Leo compiler's parser and ACL2 parser of Leo (with Alessandro).  Found and fixed some discrepancies.  Next is to add parsing to tgc (theorem generation and checking).
* Ran formal parse and ast conversion tests in IR branch.  Did not find any discrepancies.
* Tried out Leo Playground and reported some issues.

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Created new document on multi-transition transaction model (in Google Doc).
* Looked at test discrepancies between Leo compiler's parser and ACL2 parser of Leo (with Eric M.):
  * Found and fixed two bugs in ABNF grammar.
  * Found some differences between ABNF gramar and Leo compiler's parser.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Updates:

* staging branch!
  * leo now has a staging branch that points at SnarkVM/master instead of release
  * this will allow us to work with the newest snarkvm features as they get merged instead of having to wait for/rush releases of snarkvm just for leo
  * please branch from leo/staging and point all your PR's at leo/staging 
  * make sure your cargo files now points at SnarkVM/master
  * master and staging now require 3 reviewers to merge
* Did some investigating into IR constraint changes with john
  * there was originally some confusion over the usage of constraint systems but collin luckily cleared that up
  * state file is now actually evaluated so it generates constraints even if the values arent used
  * output registers generate one constraint for each bit being returned. not sure where we landed on that with collin
* fixed a small bug in bounded recursion. the branch is still waiting for review in SnarkVM
* working on moving the synthesizer over to snarkvm so we can stop relying on TestConstraintSystem for snarkvm tests
  * should also simplify a lot of the namespace annoyances within snarkvm

Blockers:

* None

### Mazdak

Updates:

* Error recovery PR is up for review.  Got stuck on code coverage. Jon:  Codecov will be disabled on the IR branch.
* Who should I request review from?  Alessandro, Max, or Jon.
* Should I change the base branch to IR?  Answer:  Staging branch.  About to merge the IR branch into staging.  Nothing should be based off the master branch.  Redirect it to staging.
* After:  I hope to add recovery in other places.  If anyone has ideas on where recovery should be used, DM.
* Next:  Error recovery for a bit.  Alessandro will think about what's next.  We can do this uring prioritization.  EM:  Maybe formal models for the snarkVM gadgets that are pre-packaged, like core stuff. Discussion to be had here.

Blockers:

* None.

### Ed

Updates:

* Began implementing the casting functionality pairing with Jon.
  * Handling the overflow behavior requires changing the return type of
    `const_value` to return a `Result` to handle the errors.
  * Rewriting methods as-needed to adapt to the new return type.

In order to add the error handling for things that will overflow or the casting will cause an error where you can't represent 256 in a u8, in order to handle this properly we changed the return value.  Re-writing methods (mostly wrapping them), but this changes the behavior so we have to fix all the places where there's a const value.  Mostly tedium.  Will work with Jon on this.

Blockers:

* None.

### Topics



