# Leo Standup Notes (2021/18/8)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

* Finished up Better Errors.  Worked with Elijah to run the fuzzer on the branch which found a few bugs.  Fixed and pushed.  Branch is good to go.  Haven't done the error indexes as things are still a bit unstable.  Will add that as a separate feature.
* Bug fixes:  Question about 1253 for type inference.  Will open a PR later.  Alessandro answered.
* RFC:  Had a few meetings w/ Alessandro.  Some are ready for merge
* Started working on type aliases again.  Working minus core imports.  Going to start working more on this today.

Blockers:  None.  Want 100% confirmation:  Currently ignoring input parsing in the new error system.  Max:  This sound fine for now.

### Damir

* Been fixing issues/bugs:  Removing snapshots with `leo clean`.  Fixed recursive imports.  Cleaned up a PR for ACL2 CI.
* We have three PRs that are stuck:  
** Errors; 
** Import stabilization; 
** IR.  

We need to unblock these efforts.

Proposal:  We proceed as planned, quickly.  Have the Studio team catch up and also we nudge them to use our parser using WASM and we converge to a single parser for the LSP.

Blockers:  Need an epic to take.  Alessandro to look into it.

### EM

* ACL2-bin:  Got the license approved by Howard, and we made the repo public
* Generalized the template instantiation for theorem generation.
* Added TGC for type inference. 
* Will be making a new release for acl2-bin today or tomorrrow.  Then we can be theorem generation and checking for type inference. 
* Next week will be getting back to adding file checksums to the theorem files.  
* Working on speeding up AST conversion.  On-going now.

Blockers:  None.

### Max

* No updates on leo.
* Elijah to take on IR.

Blockers:  None.

### Alessandro

* Written and discussed an RFC for improved Leo native functions.
* Discussed and extended the RFC for bit/byte conversions.
* Discussed RFC for scalar type methods.
* Made some improvements to the ABNF grammar.
* Developed some ACL2 utilities to facilitate the definition of the Leo syntax abstraction mapping.
* Continued developing the Leo syntax abstraction mapping in ACL2

Blockers:  None.

### Elijah

Done:
    imports
        more stuff needs to be changed than I originally expected
        stuck because of template system, making it way harder
    worked with jon to debug new error's
        some formatting/error code stuff
        uncovered error in AST that ASG hides on master
    going to take over IR stuff after imports as introduction to actual compiler work

Bugs:
    #1247: files and folders cant share names for imports
    #1251: cyclic imports cause stack overflow
    #1254: cant return tuple that contains `Self` from AST

Doing:
    removing template system
    imports

* Been working on generating imports on the fuzzer.  Difficult time working on a one-off template system, and now removing it.
* Worked with Jon on errors on the branch.
* Taking on IR after imports (about a week or so).

Blockers:  The template system, but working on that.  :)

### Topics:

Let's go through the list of DP3 Epics:

* Bounded recursion:  I think we're waiting on the IR to be merged into Leo.  Max:  It's currently failing a few tests.  Need to re-base.  There's also ongoing updates for casting.
* Looks like things are going well for DP3, but deadline is approaching quickly.  We should try to focus and get it finished.

---------------


