# Leo Standup Notes (2021-12-14)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the meeting.

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team.
* Feature and bug prioritization.
* Other discussion topics.

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Continuing to adapt json to acl2 ast converter to ast representation changes.  Adapted to changes in circuit defs, circuit const members, and annotations.  Additional changes pending.

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Written first draft of NFT application in Leo.
* Made some improvements, open some PRs, and opened some Issues, in the repo of the NFT application in Rust.
* Open some bug Issues in Leo (uncovered while working on the NFT application).
* Written Notion page on package names.
* Reviewed and extended Notion page on imports.
* Updated and extended LLFS (Leo Language Formal Specification).
* Updated and extended ACL2 formalization of Leo.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Fuzzer Updates:

* Got aliases mostly working
    * ran into an annoying issue with how circuits generate that blockd me pretty hard
    * came up with a possible solution and going to try implementing it today

Blockers:

* None

### Mazdak

Updates:

* PR reviews
* Continued work on the symbol interning PR

Blockers:

* None.

### Ed

Updates:

* Started work on an AST viewer to debug ASG passes and their effect on the
  generated programs. (This is done in order to debug issues with
  `feature/casting` branch.) This will allow us to better debug problems with
  the transformations which compiler passes do. 
  - See: #1502

Blockers:

* Problems have arisen in testing casting/constant folding behavior. 
  - Issues with recursion in the `feature/casting` branch.
  - Issues may be from overly eager ASG passes, but that is yet to be confirmed.
    This is partial motivation for #1502.

### Topics

* None
