# Leo Standup Notes (2021-10-14)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Continued work on bits/bytes.
  * Most types now have bits and bytes methods.
  * Tests on the IR, Eval and Leo sides. Some on the gadget side as well.
* Started pairing on casts with Ed.
* A bit more work with Elijah on recurrence.

Blockers:

* Howard and Collin are handling fields from_bits which is having some issues currently.

### Damir

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Ran the CST-generating parser for Leo in ACL2 (which I will call the "formal parser") over all the Leo test files.  Currently looking at a few places where the results are inconsistent.

Blockers:

* None     

Plans:

    Continue to try formal tests in IR branch.

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Updated more RFCs to clarify what was decided and implemented.
* Tested, and fixed a few bugs in, the CST-generating parser for Leo in ACL2.
* More work on the Leo transaction model, in particular with respect to multiple transitions per transaction.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Updates:

* Bounded recursion PR is live and ready for review within snarkVM
* a recap of what was done:
    * Adds the --inline-limit build parameter that allows you to overwrite the default recursion limit. The default recursion limit is 1000. This was based on pythons default recursion limit.
    * If a recursing function has been called with the same input values as before then it will be considered an infinite loop and have its evaluation halted early.
    changes instruction evaluation to an iterative approach instead of a recursive one. this allowed for a massive improvement in the maximum times a program can recurse.
        * when snarkVM's error system gets reworked, this iterative approach should also make it easy to generate leo backtraces for errors encountered during evaluation 
* now im looking into why constraints have increased drastically between the non-IR implementation and IR
* then onto updating snarkVM's IR implementation to testnet2

Blockers:

* None

### Mazdak:

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

### Topics

* None
