# Leo Standup Notes (2021-12-07)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the meeting.

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team.
* Feature and bug prioritization.
* Other discussion topics.

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Some major and minor bug fixes.
* Record & transaction model discussions.
* Updating/maintaining testnet2 update branches of Leo and SnarkVM.

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* Switching to imports:
  - stabilizing import specification 1323
  - adding a standard on what can be or not imported
  - identifiers as import names (???)

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Ongoing work to update AST converter (to ACL2) to conform to changes in abstract syntax trees

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Worked on design for initial prototype transaction support in Leo.
* Started working on NFT application in Leo.
* Updated ACL2 formalization of Leo concrete syntax to latest Leo on staging.
* Extended and improved LLFS (Leo Language Formal Specification).
* Helped with ZK Hack: reviewed slides and attended.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Updates:

* bugs:
    * #1496 cant mutate address in non-const false branch
    * #1495 const input in ternary in indexed slice during mutation causes panic
    * #1493 field declarations cant use more than 76 digits on staging
    * #1490 tuple syntax in input file causes panic
* updated fuzzer to use `&self` syntax
* added `--staging` command to run latest commit on staging branch
* realized fuzzer was accidentally building leo in nightly mode, fixed that
* started on adding alias generation

Blockers:

* None

### Mazdak

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

### Ed

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

## Topics

* Discussed bugs found by fuzzer.
* Discussed prototype transaction model epic.
* Discussed the significance of additional non-record inputs and outputs for Leo entry points.
* Discussed the grammar rules for package names.
* Discussed imports and proposal for mod blocks.
