# Leo Standup Notes (2021-09-08)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Shadowing bugs fixed.
  * 1228
* Some import resolution bugs fixed.
  * 1315
  * 1318
* Aliases documentation.
* Updated RFC for built-in declarations.
* Canonicalization fixes.
* Starting to bits/bytes.

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

- manual trigger of the tgc CI is in
- unexpected_type errors reviewed - errors cause less confusion
- arrays without size are in
- array docs are submitted as a PR

- working on a sizeof operator for arrays
- also adding more examples to the Leo repo

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Working through tgc type-inference test failures.  Fixing bugs or filing issues as needed.

Blockers:

* The biggest category of test failures is different assumptions about whether the result of a function call (or circuit call-static or call-instance) can be assigned to a constant declaration.  What is the current behavior of the Leo compiler?  Is the function call graph explored to see if a function refers to nonconst things like `input`?

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Worked on Leo record/transaction model.
* Removed function recursion checks from ACL2 static semantics of Leo.
* Extended ACL2 formalization with integer type casts.
* Extended ACL2 type checking of Leo with type aliases.
* Extended and improved the LLFS (Leo Language Formal Specification).

Blockers:

* Need more information about _current_ Leo record/transaction model
  than available in the developer documentation.

### Elijah

Updates:

* updated & merged IR in snarkvm
* working on doing the same in leo

Blockers:

* None

### Topics

* None
