# Leo Standup Notes (2021-12-21)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the meeting.

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team.
* Feature and bug prioritization.
* Other discussion topics.

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Continuing to adapt Leo AST to ACL2 converter to changes in representation, now focusing on changes between master branch and staging branch.  Now also filtering out test cases based on stated expectations.  In the last 8 days, number of tests successfully converted on the staging branch went from 9/619 (1.5%) to 393/443 (88.7%).

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Small improvement to ABNF grammar, suggested by Eric M.
* Start LLR (Leo Language Reference), i.e. reference documentation for Leo.
  * In https://github.com/AleoHQ/leo-reference (private repo for now).
  * Only includes ABNF grammar for now; more content needs to be added.
  * Written using [mdBook](https://rust-lang.github.io/mdBook/).
  * Includes tool (written in Rust) to turn ABNF grammar file (copied from Leo repo) to one .md file per grammar rule.
  * The generated rule files can be included in the book where desired.
  * Includes makefile for building ABNF rule files and book.
  * See top-level README.md for more information.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Mazdak

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

### Ed

Updates:

* Continued work on AST viewer.
* Added comparison with other languages to package name Notion page.

Blockers:

* Waiting on Jon to continue work on the SnarkVM component of casting.

## Topics

* None
