# Leo Standup Notes (2021-11-04)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Transaction model discussions everywhere.
* Pair programmed with Elijah:
  * Leo has a branch where it works with testnet2.
  * Started working on multiple entrypoints.
* Lots of PR discussions, reviews, and updates.
* Started crypto classes to start better understanding the transaction model coming in.
  * As well as some other parts of SnarkVM.

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* Working on 1354, submitted draft, possibly reimplementing arrays with unspecified size
* Found few bugs in the process, also on 'em

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Discussed transaction model.
* Investigated field addition and multiplication by a constant not generating constraints.

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Tested the ACL2 CST-to-AST abstractor; fixed a few small bugs.
* Discussed the transaction model with several people.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Updates:

* Jon and I got leo working on testnet2 and started on implementing some of the new transaction model ideas
* taking some courses howard reccomended a few months back so i understand more about what the VM does

Blockers:

* None

### Mazdak

Updates:

* Error recovery framework merged.
* Reviewing Transaction model some more.
* Applying error recovery in more places in parser.
* Did some PR reviews.
* Interesting reads I'd like to share:
  - https://maybevoid.com/blog/mononym-part-1/
  - https://lexi-lambda.github.io/blog/2019/11/05/parse-don-t-validate/ - read a while ago, but it's a really good read!

Blockers:

* None.

### Ed

Updates:

* Rebased branch onto staging to integrate new error framework.
* Updating reducer code to take a handler to integrate with Mazdak's new error framework.
*  Will schedule a pair programming session with Mazdak so we can pair on the integration.

Blockers:

* None.

### Topics

* None
