# Leo Standup Notes (2021-09-15)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Leo stdlib done.
  * As well as documentation for it.
* Working on bits/bytes.
  * Access expressions are re-organized.
  * Added a new access expression type to work on both values and named-types themselves.
  * Working on adding expressions for to/from bits/bytes.

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Resolved 37 tgc type inference issues, thanks to everyone who fixed things.
  13 remaining issues are on hold since they deal with imports and inputs.
* Added/adding sha256 hashes to tgc, to record the files that were input to the theorems.
  (Working; testing now; will create a new release soon.)

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Written draft RFC on Leo record/transaction model.
* Improved the representation of array types in the ACL2 abstract syntax of Leo.
* Added a type alias expansion phase to the ACL2 static semantics of Leo.
* Relaxed (temporarily) mut self checks in the ACL2 static semantics of Leo.
* Improved some aspects of the ABNF grammar related to arrays.
* Worked on a lexer/parser (generator) of Leo in ACL2 that generates CSTs

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Updates:

* resolved merge conflicts within leo IR
* working on finishing the implementation of IR within leo
    * some features werent added before, like compiling test functions
* working on adding new leo features to IR
    * added reverse/inclusive iterators to snarkvm eval
    * need to add arrays of unknown size

Blockers:

* None

### Topics

* Can https://github.com/aleohq/leo/issues/962 be closed, based on the last comment there?
