# Leo Standup Notes (2021-09-30)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Continued working on bits/bytes.
  * Been refactored to bits_le/bytes_le.
  * Moved core function mappings to be on functions.
  * Core function implementations moved to snarkVM.
  * Still need to work out one kink before it's ready to merge on both ends.
* Shoutout to Elijah and Max for pair programming.

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Worked with Pranav to get span removal equivalent to what theorem generation is expecting.
  I don't see any reason to wait to merge that in...discussion?  Maybe discuss later.
  
* Added the leo-acl2 xdoc in html format to the leo-acl2-bin release, so that is another
  Leo language resource.

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Done a second iteration on the record/transaction RFC, based on discussions with Collin. Decided on some options; other options still open.
* ABNF grammar: removed 'string' from keywords, since it must be an identifier, now that it is a type alias in the standard library.
* ACL2 theorem generation for Leo lexing/parsing: finished lexer generation tools and CST-generating lexer; started CST-generating parser.
  (Note: this lexer/parser written in ACL2 is not trusted; nonetheless, it has some formally verified properties, including termination.)

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Updates:
  * a bunch of small finishing touches with IR
      * added new way to emit SnarkVM IR tests from leo, fixed some issues with Ci tests, code changes requested by howard, small bugfixes, etc
  * basically done with bounded recursion just need to add tests

Blockers:

* waiting on snarkvm to merge the IR PR and make a new release so the leo PR can be merged

### Mazdak:

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

### Topics

* None
