# Leo Standup Notes (2022-01-04)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the meeting.

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team.
* Feature and bug prioritization.
* Other discussion topics.

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

Now, on the staging-testnet2 branch, all 443 .leo test files that
(1) parse using the 'parser' command and
(2) are marked as "expectation: Pass"
are converted from JSON to ACL2 successfully (*).

Issues:

(1) 'parser' command has problems on about 60 files (issue #1524)
Since we want to do theorem generation and checking to verify parsing,
(and for downstream compiler artifacts soon) maybe someone would like to develop the
Rust side of tgc further so we can make the 'parser' executable obsolete.

(2) "expectation: Fail" is not granular enough.
Right now, if it is a compiler test, this means it is expected to fail somewhere,
generally compilation.  But it doesn't say exactly where.
This is an issue with tests/compiler/integers/u32/bytes.leo
Why is this expected to fail?  We need working test cases with
things like `u32::from_bytes_le(x)`.
Anyway, I need the coverage for testing AST conversion (and formal
execution, etc.).  So we really need end-to-end tests that cover
all the constructs that can be parsed and their use that illustrates
the semantics.

(*1) except for one file, tests/parser/import/names_underscore.leo
  which has an illegal package name (with an underbar) yet is marked
  as "expectation: Pass"

(*2) Not yet verified to have been parsed and converted correctly;
  that is what tgc is about.

Blockers:

* Coverage hampered by issue #1524

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Added content to LLR (Leo Language Reference).
* Discussed import semantics with Damir.
* Minor improvements to ABNF grammar.
* Answered some Leo questions on Discord.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Fuzzer Updates:

* continuing on arrays of unknown size

Blockers:

* None

### Mazdak

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

### Ed

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

### Pranav

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

## Topics

* None
