# Leo Standup Notes (2022-01-11)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent Leo standup. Please see below for topics covered during the meeting.

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the Leo team.
* Feature and bug prioritization.
* Other discussion topics.

## Standups

### Jon

Updates:

* Spent all my time working on casting.
  * Had to fix a bit of niche bugs.
  * As well as implement a gadget into snarkVM.
  * Got everything working that I've tested so far just need to actually write out tests now.

Blockers:

* None

### Damir

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Eric Smith (reported by Eric M)

Updates:

* Made some improvements to the Axe tools and applied them to the Blake2s R1CS verification of correctness, resulting in a significant reduction of the verification time from 56 minutes to 26 minutes.

Blockers:

* None

### Eric M

Updates:

* Started a Notion page to discuss an api for the leo compiler.
* Investigating how to do theorem generation and checking for parsing.

Blockers:

* Issue #1524 is preventing complete test coverage of ast converter.

### Alessandro

Updates:

* Extensions to LLR (Leo Language Reference).
* Studying Leo packages and imports in more detail, for the purpose of formally specifying them; collecting questions to decide on.
* Created #eng-leo-dev channel on Slack.

Blockers:

* None

### Elijah

Fuzzer Updates:

* still working on testing unsized arrays, a lot of use cases that i need to make sure get generated
* found 3 bugs
    * [unsized arrays cant use shorthand array declarations](https://github.com/AleoHQ/leo/issues/1527)
    * [cant slice unsized arrays](https://github.com/AleoHQ/leo/issues/1528)
    * [cant mutate values inside unsized array](https://github.com/AleoHQ/leo/issues/1535)

Blockers:

* None

### Mazdak

Updates:

* Working on extensions to interning.
* Discussed some architectural refactoring with Collin and Howard.

Blockers:

* None.

### Ed

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

### Pranav

Updates:

* None.

Blockers:

* None.

## Topics

* None
