# snarkOS Standup Notes (2021/10/14)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent snarkOS standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the snarkOS team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Lukasz

Updates:

* fixed missing RPC docs
* fixed "dangling values" in queue utilization metrics
* fixed consensus and sync queue metric values when obtained via RPC
* fixed bug where a miner would stop mining after multiple terminations
* fixed duplicate block metrics that weren't showing in `grafana`
* used `hash_hasher` to speed up some storage operations
* proposed UPnP-backed automatic port forwarding and external IP discovery
* proposed the isolation of a `snarkos-rpc-types` crate

Blockers:

* None

### Niklas

Updates:

* Dependency updates and PR reviews.
* Completed the beacon/sync provider rollout (thank you Fabiano for the new IPs), will be included in the next release.
* Did some decoupling work in the network crate, some of the changes have already been merged.
* Checked the block height metric is accurate and closed a related issue. 
* Fixed the orphan block metric.
* Next: looking into capping network data transmission and more decoupling in the network crate. 

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:
* Heads-down in testnet2 changes
  * Finished storage and most of consensus
  * Rewriting storage updates again to reflect last minute sweeping changes to testnet2

Blockers:

* None

### Anthony

Updates:

* Scheduled some time this week for a solution for the uploading of community databases that experience issues.

Blockers:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Fabiano 

Updates:

* Focusing on working on new nodes.
* New sync nodes and matching beacons for each of them
* Now in India, Korea, Japan, and Australia, In addition to SF, NY, London, Frankfort, Bangalore, Singapore,  Toronto, Amsterdam, Tokyo, and Sydney... etc.
* AMD, ARM, Intel machines to provide sync provider diversity
* From max:  Ubuntu 18 LTS builds should be our base build environment
* Still troubleshooting build issues
* devnet hosts are up, and the docker compose file will deploy automatically.  Fetch a branch and deploy it from genesis.  Will finish the beacons this week and get to devnet after.

Blockers:

* None

### Topics

* Release today!
* testnet2:  Two PRs for two branches needed for staging and master.

### Community questions

* At 84% latest version.  Getting better and better.  Promising for the next testnet.
* Expecting blocks and mined blocks to have better info. Need to do more work to get better info.  
* Blocks mined counter is not persistent.
* Community:  Adding functionality to Nodes.guru telegram bot.



