# snarkOS Standup Notes (2021/10/21)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent snarkOS standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the snarkOS team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

# Evgeny

* Noticed that sync providers were split into two groups.  Some higher than others.  Closed to my node.
* Shared screenshot.
* Miner stalling?  Max:  Yes, we put in a limit to address CPU exhaustion.  
* Setup ceremony:  Seeing people problem having problems with passing perf test, even when they have a powerful CPU.  Fabiano:  It's networking and reliability of the network between the contributor and the coordinator.  You can test with `mtr` to see if it's dropping packets.  Evgeny:  The queue was slow this week.  Maybe some less powerful clients are in the queue?
* Currently, we don't have the miner identity in the block, only the transaction and the proof.  We need a tool to check block mining rewards.
* Worked on telegram bot
* We need to update the RPC documentation - (Transaction model is changing!)

### EQ

Updates:

* OOO

### Max

Updates:

* Nobody should be running trim.  It will corrupt canon blocks in your local node.  Invalid blocks are being sent out as sync blocks.  We have an open PR and merge is pending.  Will do a release ASAP.  Issue:  Impl was changed about a month ago to effectively delete transactions that are not linked to any blocks (non-canon).  Canon blocks that are referenced by a fork will have their txs deleted.  Will fail validation on other nodes.  Significantly slowing down sync.
* Working on testnet2.  Consensus. 


Blockers:

* None

### Fabiano

Updates:

* Tested and stabilized the boot and sync nodes.  All close to tip.  Behaving as expected.
* Able to fix devnet2 - Spinning up and want to turn on automation to enable auto autodeploy.
* Working on central logging.  Want to do this in the next week.  Want to be able to turn on tracing for testnet and filter output.  Need more visibility into errors.  
* Portainer - Configuring this.  A web GUI to the host to see that stack that's running.


Blockers:

* None


