# snarkOS Standup Notes (2021/10/28)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent snarkOS standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the snarkOS team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Lukasz

Updates:

* disabled the `oldtime` feature from `chrono` in snarkOS and snarkVM for added safety
* checked the direct and indirect dependencies for any other outstanding vulnerabilities
* fixed the internal RTT calculation for `getblocks` and `getmemorypool`
* profiled the node with different numbers of peers (good results)

Blockers:

* the ongoing work on the `testnet2` branch

### Niklas

Updates:

* PR reviews, dependency updates.
* Filed new clippy lints PR (delayed until testnet 2 to avoid conflicts).
* Investigated and removed obsolete duplicate sync block metric.
* Investigated crawler after suspicious node counts were shared by Fabiano. 
* Updated ARC-21 to reflect recent beacon and sync provider rollout. 

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Anthony

(NP)
Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Mark H

(NP)
Updates:

* None

Blockers:

* None

### Fabiano

Updates:

* Working on devnet - setup, testing, 
* Centralized logging (Thank you Fabian!)
* Pipeline for continuous deployment for snarkOS
* Kubernetes (persistent storage)

Blockers:

* None

### Topics

* TestNet2 

### Community questions

* .17 Was supposed fix the synching issue.  Observations show that it doesn't fix it.  Currently node catches up to 2k below the maximum height.

From Nick:

Here is my case. 
1) Updated my Aleo node to 1.3.17. Removed old blockchain and started sync from scratch.
2) Synced from 0 with canon chain (482828). It took ~ 20hrs.
3) Detected valid fork which was longer than canon chain by 1851 blocks.
4) Revalidated canon chain. And decommitted all blocks. (482828 -> 0). 
5) Processed blocks from new canon chain (0 -> 482828) . It took 30 min. Got stuck on the same height (482828).
6) Reconnected to new peer and synced (482917) with sync provider 46.101.147.96:4131 (which is out of sync 😕 )

Setup Questions:
* 

