# snarkOS Standup Notes (2021/09/30)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent snarkOS standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the snarkOS team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (20 min.)

## Standups

### Lukasz

Updates:

- OoO

Blockers:

### Niklas

Updates:

- Did some more reviewing and small fixes around the codebase.
- Set up a long running dev box (thank you Fabiano) for troubleshooting and running nodes.
- Over 1000 nodes running the latest release.
- Paused refactors to stay out of Max's way and currently working on metrics tests.

Blockers:

* None.

Next:  
* Continue with metrics tests
* Refactoring network crate - General cleanup.  Documentation.  Improvements to pairing.

### Max

Updates:
* Did some work on a new sync protocol -- side tracked to make iterative improvements in committing
* Added recommit mechanic for large forks (in testing)
* Tweaked aggro sync to be more aggressive, but also block for committing to reduce memory usage and storage blocking.
* Changed block locator hashes to be more effective at resolving forks in light of aggro sync.

Next:
* Continuing testing on-recommit.  
* Fixing tests
* Parallel verification - any number of blocks at a given time; changing block validation; reduce memory pressure

Blockers:
* None

How are you testing improvements to aggro sync?  Answer:  Finding a node that's blocked/stalled and testing it manually.


### Anthony:
* Research providing a service to allow community to submit snarkOS databases.

### Mark H

Updates:
* Grafana 
* Maybe devnet

Blockers:

### Fabiano
Updates:
* Finishing up a larger devnet server, but still working on it. - Getting the bootnodes synced up.
* Working on auto-deploy for master, staging, dev.
* Setting up/taking historic data for networks (i.e., which nodes were present at any given time)
* Working on a dashboard - Shows the network, size of the queues, overlay of the github releases with the perf metrics

Question:  Can we get trimming storage to run faster than three hours?  Max:  We can/should work on it.

Blockers:  None

Next: 
* Finish autodeploy of devnet
* Setup history keeping for network size 

### Topics

* DEVNET:  Spin up a net, nodes, make sure the chainstate stays consistent.  Fabiano:  It's running.  Just want to limit the miner.
* Forks:  Had a little bit of an uptick.  44.  More forks over 400 than we had before.  Old forks are gone.  We're getting new ones over 400.  
* It would be good to collect the groups of nodes that are associated with any given fork.

### Community questions
* Should we be regularly running database trims?  Answer:  Not really required.  Advise not regularly trimming.
* Does trimming/not-trimming affect sync performance?  Answer:  Yes.  In both directions.  
* Is there a good way to setup snarkOS to make sure we're not syncing with a fork?  Answer:  Not yet.
* How do you check the number of nodes in the network?
    ```
    % curl --data-binary '{"jsonrpc": "2.0", "id":"documentation", "method": "getnetworkgraph", "params": [] }' -H 'content-type: application/json' http://167.99.53.204:3030/ | grep -Eo '[0-9]{1,3}\.[0-9]{1,3}\.[0-9]{1,3}\.[0-9]{1,3}' | sort -g | uniq | wc -l
    ```
* Is there a chain id or fork id?  Answer:  Right now an active internal project is the snarkOS console that will improve the visibility into block storage for any given node.  Evgeny:  This will be a huge help.
