# snarkOS Standup Notes (2021/09/09)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent snarkOS standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the snarkOS team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Lukasz

Updates:
* made RPC tests less flaky
* reduced async executor blocking
* introduced block processing benches
* started looking into changing the threadpool for blocking ops
* enabled parallel tx verification in snarkVM

Blockers: none

Note: on vacation on 13.09-20.09

### Niklas

Updates:

* Tweaked the crawler logic to include its best guess at the canon tip cluster in the fork reporting.
* Filed a PR introducing lightweight peer discovery nodes and dedicated sync provider nodes, foundational for load balancing the entry points to the network and leveraging the crawler(s) to maintain good meshing.
* The crawler is now running without a sync layer and is showing low resource usage as expected.
* Next: continuing on some in-progress network crate refactors (+documentation) I didn't include in the node type PR.

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* Aggressive sync merged to staging
* Iterative fix for block tree merged to staging
* `longest_child_path` optimization to be merged to staging
* Currently working on a fix causing failed handshakes/connection attempts to mess up peer count.
* Currently working on persistent peer storage & exponential backoff reconnection
* Identified an issue in miners causing inbound-queue-full like issues in latest staging -- cause still unknown.

Blockers:

### Howard

Updates:

Blockers:

### Fabiano

Updates:

* Will upgrade the node with a large rocksdb to use sqlite.
* Trying to get the nodes back in sync.  Nodes running sqlite are running well.
* Got the new devnet working on docker compose.

Blockers:

### Topics

* Release:  Aim for Monday assuming we get peer attrition and miner inbound queue issues fixed.
* Reduced number of forks by almost 50%.
* Roughly 75-80% are on latest version.
* Great stats here:  https://nodes.guru/aleo/aleoworld

### Community questions:

* When is mainnet launch:  Still scheduled for first quarter of 2022.
* Can multi-nodes run on a single public IP address.  Answer:  Only outbound.
* Planning to release the .15 release by Monday.
* sqlite migration is built-in, and next release will automatically upgrade your database.
* Progress for wallet?  The SDK will be the entry point for any wallet activity.  Some work has been done there.
* Is the team planning to produce any sample dApps or docs on how to develop on Aleo?  Answer:  https://developer.aleo.org
* Progress on limiting versions on testnet?  Anwser:  No progress.  We still have a lot of nodes on 1.3.6.  
* Boot nodes:  Still out of date.

Ideas:  It would be great to have an interactive console interface for snarkOS to do coinbase queries, etc.

