# snarkOS Standup Notes (2021/08/19)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent snarkOS standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the snarkOS team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Lukasz

Updates:

* reduced the occurrence of full inbound queue errors - Fixed.  Confirmed by running a local node.
* adjusted the storage validator to the new storage
* made the validator check storage index contiguity
* made the validator return a vector of errors for stricter and more informative tests
* added missing tests for some RPCs - Connect, Disconnect
* included the block height (if known) in sent block messages
* fixed an outbound message count metric bug
* did some snarkOS and snarkVM PR reviews

Blockers:

* None

### Niklas

Updates:

* PR reviews and merged the Rust `1.54` CI changes and documentation into `staging`. - Re-enabled documentation now.
* Checked state of network regarding node versions people are running (>60% are using latest release).
* Made some performance improvements to sync (+ fixes to existing benchmarks and created some new ones). Hashmap speedups.
* Currently working on measuring snarkOS' internal RTT.
* Question: can we remove the sync layer from the bootnodes/crawlers?  See answer in topics.

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* Miner Termination (#1051) merged to staging - Ran it for a couple of days on home machine.  Potentially 2-3s termination time.
* WIP: Improving block propagation logic - No breaking changes to network.
* WIP: New serialization formats to avoid network-level deserialization overhead

Blockers:

* None

### Mark

Updates:

* Got GitHub Annotations working in Grafana, using my own server due to versioning issues in Grafana Cloud. Working with Fabiano on a dedicated machine to self-host Grafana and do fine configuring.

Blockers:

* None

### Sam

* Worked on consolidating the snarkOS stats and prometheus methods.  Created and external create to define both so we can export one to the other.
* Next:  Getting the new crate integrated.  

### Howard

Updates:

* Sounds like we are ready to cut another release.  Will make a PR right now.  Fabiano to do a burn in.  Will cut the release as soon as we comfortable.  Five or six hours from now.
* Sifting through some of the merkle tree issues we've been having on the `groth16` branch.  Still running into some issues with validation of paths.  Will ping Max later today if there are more issues.  Need to add unit tests on snarkOS side.  

### Fabiano

Updates:

* Created nodes on autoclouds.  Syncing from scratch.  
* Started working on automation for devnet.
* Looked at current height on the miners/bootnode:  Only one is caught up.
* Question:  Do we need to run storage validation automatically?  Answer is:  No.
* Still working on Setup.

Blockers:

* Just need more than 24 hours as busy.

### Topics

* Question: can we remove the sync layer from the bootnodes/crawlers?  Answer:  Yes.  After discussion on ARC-21.
* Open question:  Can we add ordering to mempool?
* Anthony to help with finding owners of 1.3.6 nodes and attempt to get them to upgrade.  Lukasz:  Help identify.
* Max:  When we upgrade the network, include the crate version in the handshake?
* Current status of testnet2 upgrade?  Howard:  We currently are trying to finalize changes fundamental in `testnet2` work.  i.e., account scheme.  Still being upgraded.  Believe we will reach finish all the upgrades in the next two weeks.  In the next month we should start transitioning getting snarkOS on board with `testnet2`.  Need to decide how to structure the block headers.  There are some consensus changes (i.e., circuit checks).  Max:  Is the validation of the sig expensive?  It's cheap inside the snark.  It'll be poseidon.  
* Master branch status?  From above:  Sounds like we are ready to cut another release.  Will make a PR right now.  Fabiano to do a burn in.  Will cut the release as soon as we comfortable.  Five or six hours from now.  In general, staging is strictly based on master.

Community Questions:

Questions for Howard: sorry could you explain why it says "groth16" , I was under the impression that you use Marlin. Also is the proving system fixed or are you looking into something like PLONK?
 
Answer:  Transaction proofs are on groth16.  Program proofs are on marlin.   Looking into PLONK?  Yes.  Good when we want to do direct merkle tree updates.  Looking forward to using it in the future, but now we're using R1CS.  With Leo and it's development we are trying to keep a layer of abstraction for programs written in Leo so we can retool for other proof systems.  It would be nice to have a lot of diff variants of these.  

Rett:  Taking over the Explorer project with gets it's data from the snarkOS RPC API.  One of my goals for Explorer is to possibly eliminate any reliance on a database as it's all something we can get from snarkOS.  Question:  Is there the ability to detect and retrieve metadata about forks? How to get account balance?  What about a paginated API for blocks and transactions?  Rett to connect with Max and Fabiano.

