# snarkOS Standup Notes (2021/10/07)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent snarkOS standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the snarkOS team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Lukasz

Updates:

* went over all snarkOS issues; closed and updated some
* fixed a possible misconfiguration issue
* detected and fixed blocking related to sync block serialization
* detected and fixed a slowdown related to peer list handling
* introduced some profiling-driven performance improvements in snarkVM

Blockers:

* sligthly blocked on the prospect of testnet2-related changes

Next:

### Niklas

Updates:

* PR reviews, dependency updates and testing/bug hunting.
* Merged some connection metrics tests.
* Currently working on peering tweaks and refactors/cleanup in the network crate.
* Beacon/sync provider upgrade is pending, I think we should aim to include it in the next release (Cc Fabiano).

Blockers:

* None

Next:  

### Max

Updates:
* Block recommit landed
* Sync tweaks, blocking syncing landed
* Work on testnet2

Next:
* Work on testnet2
* Read-only DB handles to take advantage of WAL log mode more
* Miner resource allocation to avoid starvation

Blockers:

### Anthony:
* Researched providing a service for community to submit databases
* Maybe do a grant for this?

### Mark H

### Fabiano

Updates:
* Set up SSL for Grafana dashboard
* Worked on auto-deploy for master and staging
* Working on historical data storage
* Centralized logging for snarkOS nodes -- Goal is to create a dashboard for nodes w/ historical data

Blockers:  

Next: 
* Centralized logging
* Need to complete the devnet setup

### Topics

* Continue stabilization and fork reduction
* Need to cut a release - By end of week.

### Community questions

* How to give constructive feedback for OOMs:  Discord and Slack, direct messages
* 20% of nodes are on older versions - Can we utilize a network ID?
* 55 nodes are still on 1.3.6
* How is Setup going?




