# snarkOS Standup Notes (2021/08/19)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent snarkOS standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the snarkOS team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Lukasz

Updates:

* introduced and proposed some node performance tweaks
* added more queue utilization metrics - Peer event queue, Storage Queue, Sync Queue
* did some repo maintenance (dependency updates)
* extended one of the RPCs - Max/Min number of peers in getNodeInfo
* improved resource use around the miner and inbound message processing - The way we are using blocking tasks, made sure we are using threads where necessary.  As for the inbound queue, since everything is actor based, we really don't need an inbound queue, so things are delegated to their respected agents immediately as they are parsed.   
* reviewed the sqlite-backed storage proposal and most of the other snarkOS PRs - What we have with RocksDB right now is enforceing some relational model, and with the new backed we have a way to enforce it automatically.  

Notes from slck on the sqlite backend:  

* the recently detected index issues will disappear automatically
* index-handling becomes automated
* SQLite is more stable and readily available on all platforms
* the docs are superior
* we get a proper in-memory implementation for free

Blockers:

Next:  As soon as we've merged the new storage, I'll keep on checking the nodes to see if we have any spikes (wrt numbers of connections). More profiling.

### Niklas

Updates:

* PR reviews and general maintenance work in snarkOS including logging tweaks.
* Introduced new metrics tracking connection duration and internal RTT (both averages and percentiles have been added to the Grafana dashboard).
* Introduced the block processing time metric. It's showing significant improvement for the switch from rocksdb to sqlite (locally: low peer baseline time is halved).
* Currently working on more metrics and investigating outbound queue/internal RTT spikes.
* Q: devnet (with ad-hoc infra availability) for testing nodes in a cleanroom environment while testnet1 is still running?  Fabiano to work with Niklas
* Q: is mempool sync a requirement for bootnodes? If not, I'd propose we merge [#1018](https://github.com/AleoHQ/snarkOS/pull/1018) and I'll update the ARC to reflect the changes.

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:
* Sqlite implementation finishing touches, want to land today
  * Migration script from rocksdb -> sqlite done
* Block repropagation outbound caching is functional, needs some unit tests and to merge

Blockers:

None

### Howard

Updates:  None.  Looking forward to getting forks resolved.

Blockers:

### Fabiano

Updates:

* Rolled out 1.3.14 to all nodes.
* Started nodes from scratch, got to 381k.  No sqlite.  

Blockers:

### Topics

* What are we gleaning from Grafana?  Provides insight into nodes ability to process connections.  Ability to monitor block processing times.
* Setting up a new instance so we can all view the graphs.

Community Questions:

No other topics:


