# snarkOS Standup Notes (2021/09/02)

Welcome to the notes page for the most recent snarkOS standup. Please see below for topics covered during the public discussion:

## Agenda

* Weekly standups from the snarkOS team (30 min.)
* Current sprint epic conversation (10 min.)
* Community questions (15 min.)

## Standups

### Lukasz

Updates:

* several profiling-driven performance improvements, extending to snarkVM
* metrics-driven reductions to blocking in async worker threads
* added a metric for the number of queued per-connection inbound messages
* removed the fork length limit, including the addition of a cache for faster de-forking

Blockers:

* None

### Niklas

Updates:

* PR reviews, dependency updates and merged the metrics discussed on last week's call.
* Started work on differentiating the node types, filed a PR introducing a separate binary for crawler nodes.
* Refactoring and documenting the network crate throughout this process.

Blockers:

* None

### Max

Updates:

* Block repropagation updates merged
* Aggro sync in review
* Currently investigating cached forks & speculative block validation for parallelization

Next:  Looking at optimizations for the longest child stuff.  Cache forks.  Perhaps recursive SQLite.  

Blockers:

* None

### Howard

Updates:

* Switched the snarkvm default branch from `master` to `testnet2`.

Blockers:

* None

### Fabiano

Updates:

* Replaced bootnode us2 and miner2 with Lukasz's branch to test, running stable. Also manually replaced local db for EU2 and AS2 with Lukasz's sqlite db and they have been running well.
* Did migration tests from rocksdb to sqlite and they failed. Max is looking into it.
* Pointed Aleo Explorer to EU2 as it seems to be the one running closer to the tip.
* Working on Devnet replacement for Niklas.
* Rewrote the Dockerfile for snarkOS which builds successfully in amd64 and arm64. Waiting on PR approval:
  https://github.com/AleoHQ/snarkOS/pull/1082

Blockers:

* None

### Topics

* Release?  Need to introduce new fork length limit.  Max:  Need to test new aggro sync branch first.
* Reminder:  Stability is #1. 
* Nodes in production:  Odds running master, even running staging.

```
Sep 02 10:28:30.571  INFO Got a block from 128.199.7.1:4131 (peer's height 406159) with hash e6885329... (current head 404910)
Sep 02 10:28:30.571  INFO Got a block from 128.199.7.1:4131 (peer's height 406159) with hash bb0ec13d... (current head 404910)
Sep 02 10:28:30.571  INFO Got a block from 128.199.7.1:4131 (epoch 1630596455) with hash fcfb565c... (current head 404910)
Sep 02 10:28:30.571  INFO Got a block from 128.199.7.1:4131 (epoch 1630596467) with hash 9443fdbe... (current head 404910)
Sep 02 10:28:30.571  INFO Got a block from 128.199.7.1:4131 (peer's height 404642) with hash 88f8f89d... (current head 404910)
Sep 02 10:28:30.571  INFO Got a block from 128.199.7.1:4131 (peer's height 406158) with hash 3c627716... (current head 404910)
Sep 02 10:28:30.574  INFO Got a block from 128.199.7.1:4131 (peer's height 403035) with hash 08483593... (current head 404910)
Sep 02 10:28:30.574  INFO Got a block from 128.199.7.1:4131 (peer's height 286266) with hash c37b80e5... (current head 404910)
Sep 02 10:28:30.574  INFO Got a block from 128.199.7.1:4131 (peer's height 382497) with hash f41ab10f... (current head 404910)
Sep 02 10:28:30.574  INFO Got a block from 128.199.7.1:4131 (peer's height 382497) with hash 0975a9de... (current head 404910)

```

Questions:

* Can a malicious nodes send a node a bunch of invalid blocks to DOS speculative block validation:  Max:  Yes, but we can blacklist nodes.  
* What was the motivation from switching from key-value store to relational?  Because we were creating and managing our own indexes (relational-style), and using SQLite does indexes automatically.  Also, this enables a CLI to query the DB.
* Was there a significant perf increase using SQLite?  Yes, we did see a perf increase, but not from SQLite directly.  Also, we have way fewer tables with SQLite;  RocksDB required more reads+writes.
* What's the diff between Aleo and Oasis Labs?  They are building trusted execution + hardware.  We don't rely on secure hardware.  Everything is based on the ZEXE paper in Aleo. 

